docs: cleanup docs (#4434)
Eventual-Inc/Daft: docs/core_concepts.md

If you are coming from other data tools such as Pandas or Polars, here are some key differences about Daft's core engine:

1. **Distributed:** When running in a distributed cluster, Daft splits your data into smaller "chunks" called *Partitions*. This allows Daft to process your data in parallel across multiple machines, leveraging more resources to work with large datasets.

2. **Lazy:** When you write operations on a DataFrame, Daft doesn't execute them immediately. Instead, it creates a plan (called a query plan) of what needs to be done. This plan is optimized and only executed when you specifically request the results ([`.show`][daft.DataFrame.show], [`.collect`][daft.DataFrame.collect]), which can lead to more efficient computations.

3. **Multimodal:** Unlike traditional tables that usually contain simple data types like numbers and text, Daft can handle complex data types in its columns. This includes things like images, audio files, or even custom Python objects.

> For a full comparison between Daft and other data tools, see [Tool Comparison](resources/tool_comparison.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full comparison between Daft and other data engines, see [Engine Comparison](resources/tool_comparison.md).
```

Also change the name of the file

### Executing DataFrame and Viewing Data

The reason that our DataFrame currently does not display its rows is that Daft is **lazy**. This just means that Daft will defer all its work until you tell it to execute.

In this case, Daft is just deferring the work required to read the data and select columns, however in practice this laziness can be very useful for helping Daft optimize your queries before execution!

!!! info "Info"

>     When you call methods on a DataFrame in Daft, it defers the work by adding to an internal "plan". You can examine the current plan of a DataFrame by calling [`df.explain()`][daft.DataFrame.explain]!

Reviewer: I would just keep it as Daft DataFrame here

Reviewer: or just DataFrame

``` {title="Output"}

+---------+
|       A |
|   Int64 |
+=========+
|       1 |
+---------+
|       2 |
+---------+
|       3 |
+---------+

> (Showing first 3 rows)

Reviewer: could we keep this output but just update it?

## Expressions

Expressions are a fundamental concept in Daft that allows you to define computations on DataFrame columns. They are the building blocks for transforming and manipulating data within your DataFrame and will be your best friend if you are working with Daft primarily using the Python API.

For a full list of available expressions, see [Expressions API Docs](api/expressions.md).

### Creating Expressions

#### Referring to a column in a DataFrame

Most commonly you will be creating expressions by using the [`daft.col()`][daft.expressions.col] function. The following example will create an expressiom referring to a columned named `A` but with every row incremented by 1.

=== "🐍 Python"
    ``` python
    df = daft.from_pydict({
        "A": [1, 2, 3, 4]
    })

    df.select(col("A") + 1).show()
    ```

=== "⚙️ SQL"
    ```python
    df = daft.from_pydict({
        "A": [1, 2, 3, 4]
    })

    daft.sql("SELECT A + 1 FROM df").show()
    ```

``` {title="Output"}

╭───────╮
│ A     │
│ ---   │
│ Int64 │
╞═══════╡
│ 2     │
├╌╌╌╌╌╌╌┤
│ 3     │
├╌╌╌╌╌╌╌┤
│ 4     │
├╌╌╌╌╌╌╌┤
│ 5     │
╰───────╯

(Showing first 4 of 4 rows)
```

#### Using SQL

> Daft can also parse valid SQL as expressions. The below example will create an expression representing the column `A` incremented by 1. For many APIs, [`sql_expr`][daft.sql.sql.sql_expr] will actually be applied for you as syntactic sugar!

Reviewer: Let's not add this. sql_expr is only applied automatically to one method haha

## Expressions

Expressions are a fundamental concept in Daft that allows you to define computations on DataFrame columns. They are the building blocks for transforming and manipulating data within your DataFrame and will be your best friend if you are working with Daft primarily using the Python API.

For a full list of available expressions, see [Expressions API Docs](api/expressions.md).

### Creating Expressions

#### Referring to a column in a DataFrame

Most commonly you will be creating expressions by using the [`daft.col()`][daft.expressions.col] function. The following example will create an expressiom referring to a columned named `A` but with every row incremented by 1.

> 

Reviewer 2: Good call out! @ccmao1130, can you make a PR to fix some of these typos
